Skip to main content
Stories
Jobs
Newsroom
Our business
One man
One vision
100 years

As we celebrate a century since the birth of Sweden's most famous entrepreneur, let's look back at the life and legacy of Ingvar Kamprad – the man who made IKEA.

Born and raised among the forests of Sweden, in a region where frugality and resourcefulness grew out of the hardships of everyday life, Ingvar Kamprad went on to become one of the greatest entrepreneurs of the 20th century. Driven by a lifelong mission to create a better everyday life for the many people, he changed the home furnishing industry and our homes forever.

From flatpack furniture to Democratic Design, Ingvar's vision and values remain at the heart of IKEA today. So who was Ingvar, and how did his journey shape the future of IKEA? Read on to discover more.

Remembering Ingvar

"To contribute to a better everyday life for the many people. To always be on the side of the many people, is truly a great and good goal to have.”

Ingvar Kamprad
The Testament of a Furniture Dealer

1926

Ingvar Kamprad was born in Älmhult, Sweden. By the age of five years old, he was already showing a flair for business. He would cycle to nearby rural villages, selling matches, belts and pens to the locals, and even sold fish to his grandma!

1943

At the age of 17, Ingvar’s empire began to take shape in the form of a mail order firm selling small and imported items, named after his initials and the first letter of the place where he grew up; Elmtaryd farm, Agunnaryd. The name? IKEA.

1953

The first IKEA showroom opened on 30th March in Älmhult. Beyond its unassuming façade was an impressive furniture showroom and the promise of “Your dream home at a dream price.” The chance to see, feel and try out furniture that would be delivered to their homes drew customers from all over Sweden.

1958

Welcome to IKEA! The first IKEA store was built in Älmhult and opened on 28 October. Designed by architect Claes Knutson, it measured 6,500m2, including the 4,000m2 furniture showroom. It was the first step toward the big blue box stores of today.

1976

As part of his forward-thinking approach, to keep the spirit of IKEA alive for generations to come, Ingvar set out the brand's culture and values in his own words in The Testament of a Furniture Dealer. Unrevised, his document continues to be essential reading for IKEA co-workers 50 years on!

2016

The IKEA Museum opened its doors. Located in the very first IKEA store, you'll no longer find the latest IKEA products here. What you will find however, are favourite pieces from the past, along with exhibitions and activities that celebrate our storied past, and our glorious future!

2018

Ingvar Kamprad passed away at the age of 91, at his home in Älmhult. In his last communications he expressed gratitude for a rich life, and concluded with the words: "Live well. You are only at the beginning – a glorious future."

“Ingvar was curious, it was a driving force for him. Curiosity was one component, combined with an incredibly strong visionary ability. He was one of the most visionary leaders of the 20th century.”

Jesper Brodin
Senior Advisor, IKEA Foundation and former CEO of Ingka Group

Ingvar's legacy lives on

As part of his mission to improve the everyday life of the many people, in 1982 Ingvar Kamprad founded the IKEA Foundation, which focuses on global poverty and climate change.

Once a tiny town, Älmhult has become a global village and a diverse community. Thanks to Ingvar's legacy, curious fans come from across the globe to visit the IKEA Hotell and Museum.

Today, IKEA has more than 500 stores in 63 markets, and more than 200,000 co-workers.

The story doesn’t end here

As Ingvar himself proclaimed “To a glorious future!” To learn more about our past, present and indeed, our glorious future, visit the exhibition “Hej Ingvar” at the IKEA Museum in Älmhult, or simply click below to see it online from the comfort of your home.

Visit the exhibition
International Sales
•
Inter IKEA Group
•
IKEA Foundation
•
IKEA Museum
•
IKEA Social Entrepreneurship
•
FAQs
Cookie settings
•
Privacy & Cookie statement
•
Contact IKEA / Submit complaint
•
Sitemap
•
Accessibility
© Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999 - 2026