Skip to content
Xiaomi Announces Recall of Xiaomi 33W Power Bank 20000mAh (Integrated Cable)
Mobile
Xiaomi Series
REDMI Series
POCO Phones
Wearables
Smart Home
Lifestyle
POCO
Discover
Support
Community
About Xiaomi
Leadership Team
Social Media
Sustainability
About Xiaomi
Innovation for everyone
100+
Markets entered
731.2 million
Global MAU*
989.1 million
IoT devices activated**
Discover Xiaomi
Shaping the future together
We were founded in April 2010 as a consumer electronics and smart manufacturing company with smartphones and smart hardware connected by an IoT platform at its core.
Our mission
Build amazing products with honest prices to let everyone in the world enjoy a better life through innovative technology.
Our vision
Make friends with users and be the coolest company in the users’ hearts.
Our strategy
At Xiaomi, we believe technology’s the true power lies in its ability to understand and enhance the human experience. This year, with the upgraded Xiaomi HyperOS 2 and the newly launched Xiaomi HyperAI, we are redefining connection.

Our「Human x Car x Home」smart ecosystem has evolved into a realm of connected intelligence. Your devices, your home, and your car no longer simply interact — they collaborate and adapt to your needs, attuning themselves to you with an unprecedented level of insight and understanding.

It's not just about integration. It's about technology that learns from you, anticipates your needs, and evolves to create a more intuitive, responsive, and personal experience. This is no longer a vision of tomorrow. It's the reality of a smarter, more interconnected world today.
View more
Our commitment
We are committed to building a sustainable world —designing responsibly and producing sustainably.
Optimize use of sustainable materials
Simplify the manufacturing line
Set up greener logistics
By 2040, Xiaomi will achieve carbon neutrality 100% renewable energy utilization in the operation of our existing business.*
View more
Join Xiaomi
This is where curious minds gather
We firmly believe that talent is the cornerstone of high-quality technological innovation, and we consistently maintain a leading position in talent development amidst intense industry competition.
Our impact is globally recognized: We’ve been featured in TIME's list of the 100 Most Influential Companies and named to the Fortune Global 500 six times.*
Join us at Xiaomi and collaborate with exceptional talents worldwide to pioneer the intelligent future together!
View all positions
Explore more about us
View more
*The above data is sourced from June 2025.
**Refers to Internet Services including smartphones and tablets.
**Refers to Internet Services connected to its platform, excluding smartphones, laptops and tablets.
**Based on the announcement in 2023, our existing businesses included smartphones, loT and lifestyle products, internet services, and others
*According to Time Magazine, as of May 2024; and Fortune, as of June 2024.
*Xiaomi SU7 and Xiaomi SU7 Ultra features available only in Chinese Mainland. Third-party sales/distribution abroad unauthorized by Xiaomi.
SUPPORT
Contact us
User Guide
Warranty
International Warranty
EU Declaration of Conformity
Scooter Safety Notice
Android Enterprise Recommended
Digital Services Act
Data Act
ABOUT US
Xiaomi
Leadership Team
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Integrity & Compliance
Investor Relations
ESG and Sustainability
Trust Center
Xiaomi Accessibility
Xiaomi HyperOS
Xiaomi Accessibility Conformance Report
XIAOMI PROJECTS
Xiaomi Renovation
Xiaomi POP Run 2025
Xiaomi Imagery Awards 2025
Follow Xiaomi
Enter your email address to subscribe to our newsletters
Copyright © 2010 - 2026 Xiaomi. All Rights Reserved
Cookie settingsCookie Policy
Sitemap
Global / Global