Our company | Unilever 
Skip to content Default Theme Default Light Dark What is a theme? (Opens in new window) 
Unilever Global Change location 
Menu Our company Skip to Latest news stories Back Our company
At a glance 
We are a global consumer goods business, our brands touch billions of lives every day.
Our leadership 
Our international leadership team drives our company, guides our strategy and leads our people.
Innovation and R&D 
Innovation is at the heart of everything we do within R&D at Unilever.
History & Archives 
Our position on 
View Our company 
News Skip to Brands Back Latest news stories
All news stories 
View our latest news, with options to search by topic or date.
Press and media 
See the very latest from our press desk, plus media assets and contact details.
Sign up for alerts from Unilever 
Be the first to hear about our press releases, features and articles.
View Latest news stories 
Brands Skip to Sustainability Back Brands
Our Business Groups
Beauty & Wellbeing 
Personal Care 
Home Care 
Foods 
Our brands 
Led by our Power Brands, we are meeting consumers’ daily needs, from household staples to premium indulgence.
What's in our products? 
Discover the ingredients in our home, beauty and personal care products.
View Brands 
Sustainability Skip to Suppliers Back Sustainability
Climate 
The world must move further, faster to avoid the worst effects of climate change.
Nature 
We’re committed to contributing to the protection and regeneration of nature, within and beyond our value chain.
Plastics 
Given the size of the plastics challenge, we’re using our innovation capabilities to find new, scalable solutions.
Livelihoods 
We’re working to improve the livelihoods of people in our global value chain.
Responsible business 
Our progress and reporting on issues such as human rights, equity, diversity and inclusion, and safety.
View Sustainability 
Suppliers Skip to Working at Unilever Back Suppliers
Becoming a Unilever supplier 
We want to work with partners who share our purpose and values. See what’s involved.
Partner to Win 
Our Partner to Win programme is taking our partnerships to a whole new level.
Living Wage Supplier Programme 
We champion fair pay by ensuring a living wage for all employees and partnering with suppliers to extend this commitment across our supply chain.
Supplier Climate Programme 
We're collaborating with key suppliers to reduce emissions from raw materials, ingredients and packaging by 2030, which will help us progress towards our net zero ambition.
Terms and Conditions 
How to invoice us 
Report a concern 
View Suppliers 
Working at Unilever 
Investors Back Investors
Why invest in Unilever 
Read about the reasons to invest in Unilever.
Results and events 
Access information from financial announcements, presentations and events.
Annual Report and Accounts 2025 
Building for consistent, higher performance.
Investor Centre 
Information for shareholders on our structure and listings as well as current and historic share prices.
Corporate governance 
Regulatory announcements 
The Magnum Ice Cream Company demerger 
Contacts 
View Investors 
Search site 
Home 
Current page: Our company 
We are Unilever
We are a global leader in consumer goods, with a heritage of pioneering innovation that improves everyday life. Today, we combine world-class science, deep consumer insight and global reach to create brands that inspire and ignite desire, making superior products accessible to billions.
We are a truly global business
190 countries where our brands are available. 
3.7 billion people use our products every day. 
€50.5 billion turnover in 2025 with 59% in emerging markets. 
Explore Unilever at a glance 
At a glance 
We are a global consumer good business, our brands touch billions of lives every day.
Our leadership 
Our international leadership team drives our company, guides our strategy and leads our people.
Latest news
News article 
How AI is making Unilever Foods unmissable online and in-store 
15 May 2026 
When it comes to the recipes we search for and the foods we buy, algorithms are increasingly fuelling our choices. Here’s how our €12.9 billion Foods business is leveraging AI to keep its brands unmissable.
News article 
How Unilever’s d-commerce model is driving growth 
14 May 2026 
At the heart of Unilever’s fast-growing digital commerce model is a focus on meeting and exceeding consumer expectations. Here’s how this AI-powered, customer-first approach is driving growth for our brands.
News article 
How Dove turned Reddit’s unfiltered honesty into unmissable marketing 
12 May 2026 
Dove handed Redditors its new hair mask and promised to publish the first 50 reviews unedited. No filter, just radical transparency at scale. Emily Barfoot, Head of Dove US for Beauty & Wellbeing, tells us more about the campaign.
Press release 
Strong volume growth; full year outlook reconfirmed 
30 April 2026 
Today, we announced our results for the first quarter 2026.
News article 
How AI is transforming innovation in Unilever Beauty & Wellbeing 
27 April 2026 
Unilever’s Beauty & Wellbeing scientists are using AI to decode consumer trends and mine decades of research data. The result? Products designed in days instead of months, and actionable insights rooted in real consumer desires. Here’s how it works.
View all news 
Sustainability Hub 
We’re prioritising sustainability actions that will create resilience for our business and deliver value to our stakeholders. Find out more here.
Careers 
With many brands around the world, there are plenty of amazing prospects at Unilever for career starters and experienced professionals. Find out more about a career at Unilever.
Back to top Share this page
Share this page on Facebook 
Share this page on X 
Share this page on Linked In 
Share this page on E-mail 
Connect with us
We're always looking to connect with those who share an interest in our products and brands.
Connect with us on Facebook 
Connect with us on X 
Connect with us on LinkedIn 
Connect with us on Instagram 
Contact us
Get in touch with Unilever PLC and specialist teams in our headquarters, or find contacts around the world.
Contact us 
What's in our products? 
Contact 
Legal notice 
UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement 
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy 
Cookie Notice 
Privacy Notice 
Sitemap 
Search Jobs 
Accessibility 
Digital Sustainability 
This is Unilever's global company website
© Unilever 2026
Cookie Settings () 
AbilityNet 
Have you got a few minutes to complete a survey? We would love to hear about your experience using Unilever.com.