YOUR COOKIE PREFERENCES
Welcome to Alibabagroup.com!
The website use cookies and other similar device information identification technologies to help us ensure the security and functionality of the website (necessary cookies) and for analytical purposes (performance or analytical cookies). You can accept all analytical cookies, or reject them all. You can obtain more information about cookies in our Cookie Policy here .
Allow All
Decline all
unnecessary cookies
About Us
ESG
Investor Relations
News and Resources
Olympic Journey
Careers
EN
Alibaba Group reaffirms its mission statement, sharpens its vision and announces an upgrade of its six values as it celebrates the 20th anniversary of its founding.

This is the second refresh of company values in the past 20 years. The core values have helped propel Alibaba’s growth from an 18-person startup founded in a Hangzhou apartment to one of the world’s most innovative technology companies with 100,000-plus employees and over 30 business units. 




Alibaba values are at the heart of its people management process, from hiring to remuneration to promotion. Especially at the company’s current size, a clear set of values is important for enabling employees across different businesses, functions and geographies to act in concert and stay on course towards achieving Alibaba’s vision and mission. 




The latest evolution of its six values follows Alibaba’s recent reaffirmation of its mission statement – “To make it easy to do business anywhere.” The Company also sharpened its vision to clarify its intent is to be a “good company that will last for 102 years” in the digital era, rather than pursuing power or scale. 




With businesses across the e-commerce, fintech, logistics, cloud and entertainment sectors, Alibaba aims to serve 2 billion consumers, help create 100 million jobs and enable 10 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to be profitable by 2036. 




The updated values and the rationale behind them are: 




Customers first, employees second, shareholders third 

Understanding and addressing the needs and pain points of our customers is our most-important responsibility. Only by creating sustained customer value can our employees grow and shareholders achieve long-term benefit. 

Trust makes everything simple 

Trust is precious and must be constantly nurtured and protected. We want our Aliren to continue to be straightforward, standing up for the right values and relying on one another via trust. 

Change is the only constant 

The world is changing even if we are not. Embracing change, either by changing oneself or fostering change in the company, is a unique part of our DNA and must be valued. 

Today’s best performance is tomorrow’s baseline

This onward-and-upward approach has helped Alibaba survive our most challenging moments and thrive when we are ahead. Alibaba spirit means we need to constantly challenge and motivate ourselves and strive to exceed normal parameters. 

If not now, when? If not me, who? 

This was a tagline in Alibaba’s very first job advertisement. It’s still how we want our employees to view themselves as owners of the business. This gives them a sense of purpose and drive.

Live seriously, work happily 

Work is for now, but life is forever. We want our employees to treat life seriously when they work and enjoy work as one enjoys life. We respect the work-life balance decisions of every individual.

Follow Us
About Us
Culture and Values
Milestones
Leadership
Our Businesses
ESG
Latest ESG Report
Reports
ESG Ratings and Awards
ESG Policies
ESG News and Views
Investor Relations
Investor News
Events
Earnings and Financials
Filings
Annual General Meeting
Corporate Governance
Investor Tools
News and Resources
News
Media Video
Library
Media Relations Contacts
Careers
Global Hiring
Integrity and Compliance
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
FAQs
Taobao
Tmall
Idle Fish
Tmall Supermarket
Tmall Global
Alibaba Health
Freshippo
1688
AliExpress
Lazada
Trendyol
Daraz
Alibaba.com
TaoBao Instant Commerce
Amap
Fliggy
Youku
Damai Entertainment Holdings
Lingxi Games
Quark
UC
Alibaba DAMO Academy
Tmall Genie
Cainiao
Alibaba Cloud
DingTalk
Alibaba Foundation
Alibaba Entrepreneurs Fund
Alibaba Fonts
Copyright Notice © 1999-2026 Alibaba Group Holding Limited and/or its affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
浙公网安备 33010002000070号
浙ICP备09002987号-93