YOUR COOKIE PREFERENCES
Welcome to Alibabagroup.com!
The website use cookies and other similar device information identification technologies to help us ensure the security and functionality of the website (necessary cookies) and for analytical purposes (performance or analytical cookies). You can accept all analytical cookies, or reject them all. You can obtain more information about cookies in our Cookie Policy here .
Allow All
Decline all
unnecessary cookies
About Us
ESG
Investor Relations
News and Resources
Olympic Journey
Careers
EN
More Than Two Decades of Track Record of Innovation
Culture and Values
Milestones
Leadership
Our Businesses
Culture and Values
Milestones
Leadership
Our Businesses
Culture and Values
Mission
To make it easy to do business anywhere
Vision
We do not pursue size or power; we aspire to be a good company that will last for 102 years.
Values
Customers first, employees second, shareholders third
Trust makes everything simple
Change is the only constant
Today's best performance is tomorrow's baseline
If not now, when? If not me, who?
Live seriously, work happily
Milestones
Alibaba Group was established in 1999 by 18 people led by Jack Ma, a former English teacher from Hangzhou, China. From the outset, the company’s founders shared a belief that the Internet would level the playing field by enabling small enterprises to leverage innovation and technology to grow and compete more effectively in the domestic and global economies. 

Now, Alibaba Group is a global technology company focused on e-commerce and cloud computing. We enable merchants, brands and retailers to market, sell and engage with consumers by providing digital and logistics infrastructure, efficiency tools and vast marketing reach. We empower enterprises with our leading cloud infrastructure, services and work collaboration capabilities to facilitate their digital transformation and grow their businesses.
January
Alibaba released the visual-language open model, Qwen2.5-VL. The model demonstrates remarkable multimodal capabilities and serves as a visual agent to facilitate the execution of simple tasks on computers and mobile devices by directing the use of various tools.
January
Alibaba unveiled its proprietary flagship large language model(LLM) Qwen2.5-Max. As a cutting-edge Mixture of Experts (MoE) model, Qwen2.5-Max demonstrates exceptional strengths in knowledge, coding, general capabilities, and human alignment.
February
Alibaba announced plans to invest at least RMB380 billion over the next three years to advance its cloud computing and AI infrastructure. This investment will exceed Alibaba’s total AI and cloud spending over the past decade.
March
Alibaba released a new version of the Quark application, a comprehensive AI assistant powered by Alibaba’s Qwen-based advanced reasoning model. Quark is the first within Alibaba’s general user-facing businesses to fully leverage its proprietary foundation models, and is designed to fulfill the work and life needs of more than 200 million users in China.
April
Alibaba launched Qwen3, the latest generation of its open-source large language model (LLM) family. Qwen3 series feature six dense models and two Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) models, setting a new benchmark for AI innovation.
April
Alibaba launched Taobao Instant Commerce, further strengthening the Taobao app’s leadership by deepening consumer engagement through high-frequency, on-demand services.
June
Alibaba integrated its on-demand delivery platform Ele.me and online travel platform Fliggy into its core e-commerce business, marking a strategic evolution from an e-commerce platform to a comprehensive consumption platform.
July
Alibaba announced a RMB50 billion (approximately US$7 billion) investment to support both consumers and merchants in its quick commerce business, reaffirming its confidence and commitment to China’s consumption market.
September
Alibaba completed an offering of approximately US$3.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes and intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, with a strategic focus on enhancing its cloud infrastructure capabilities and expanding its international commerce business operations.
September
At Apsara Conference 2025, Alibaba Cloud unveiled its latest full-stack AI innovations, spanning next-generation large language models from the Qwen3 family, the Wan 2.5 visual-generation models, enhanced platforms for agent development and deployment, and major upgrades to its AI infrastructure - further reinforcing the company’s global leadership at the forefront of the new AI era.
October
Amap’s daily active users (DAU) surpassed 360 million on October 1, setting a record high for the platform. Meanwhile, its new feature “Amap Street Stars”, launched on September 10, attracted over 400 million users in less than a month, further strengthening Amap’s position as a leading gateway for future lifestyle services.
2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2005
2004
2003
2001
2000
1999
Leadership
JOE TSAI
Chairman
EDDIE WU
Director and Chief Executive Officer
J. MICHAEL EVANS
Director and President
MAGGIE WU
Director
TOBY XU
Chief Financial Officer
JANE JIANG
Chief People Officer
SARA YU
General Counsel
FAN JIANG
Chief Executive Officer, Alibaba E-commerce Business Group
Follow Us
About Us
Culture and Values
Milestones
Leadership
Our Businesses
ESG
Latest ESG Report
Reports
ESG Ratings and Awards
ESG Policies
ESG News and Views
Investor Relations
Investor News
Events
Earnings and Financials
Filings
Annual General Meeting
Corporate Governance
Investor Tools
News and Resources
News
Media Video
Library
Media Relations Contacts
Careers
Global Hiring
Integrity and Compliance
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
FAQs
Taobao
Tmall
Idle Fish
Tmall Supermarket
Tmall Global
Alibaba Health
Freshippo
1688
AliExpress
Lazada
Trendyol
Daraz
Alibaba.com
TaoBao Instant Commerce
Amap
Fliggy
Youku
Damai Entertainment Holdings
Lingxi Games
Quark
UC
Alibaba DAMO Academy
Tmall Genie
Cainiao
Alibaba Cloud
DingTalk
Alibaba Foundation
Alibaba Entrepreneurs Fund
Alibaba Fonts
Copyright Notice © 1999-2026 Alibaba Group Holding Limited and/or its affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
浙公网安备 33010002000070号
浙ICP备09002987号-93