Skip to main content
Web Specials—Now Up to 50% Off
Free Shipping on Orders Over $99
Earth Is Now Our Only Shareholder
Our Core Values

In 2022—on the eve of our 50th anniversary—we updated Patagonia’s core values to reflect the company we want to be as we embark on the next 50 years.

Quality

Build the best product, provide the best service and constantly improve everything we do. The best product is useful, versatile, long-lasting, repairable and recyclable. Our ideal is to make products that give back to the Earth as much as they take.

Integrity

Examine our practices openly and honestly, learn from our mistakes and meet our commitments. We value integrity in both senses: that our actions match our words (we walk the talk), and that all of our work contributes to a functional whole (our sum is greater than our parts).

Environmentalism

Protect our home planet. We’re all part of nature, and every decision we make is in the context of the environmental crisis challenging humanity. We work to reduce our impact, share solutions and embrace regenerative practices. We partner with grassroots organizations and frontline communities to restore lands, air and waters to a state of health; to arrest our addiction to fossil fuels; and to address the deep connections between environmental destruction and social justice.

Justice

Be just, equitable and antiracist as a company and in our community. We embrace the work necessary to create equity for historically marginalized people and reorder the priorities of an economic system that values short-term expansion over human well-being and thriving communities. We acknowledge painful histories, confront biases, change our policies and hold each other accountable. We aspire to be a company where people from all backgrounds, identities and experiences have the power to contribute and lead.

Not bound by convention

Do it our way. Our success—and much of the fun—lies in developing new ways to do things.

We guarantee everything we make.

View Ironclad Guarantee

We take responsibility for our impact.

Explore Our Footprint

We support grassroots activism.

Visit Patagonia Action Works

We keep your gear going.

Visit Worn Wear

We give our profits to the planet.

Read Our Commitment
Newsletter Signup

Sign up for exclusive offers, original stories, activism awareness, events and more.

E-Mail
Sign Me Up
*Please view our Privacy Notice and Notice of Financial Incentive for more information.
Need Help?
Help Center Order Status Size & Fit Guide Returns & Exchanges DIY Care & Repair Trade In. Get Credit. Login Accessibility Statement

If you are using a screen reader and having difficulty please call us at 1-800-638-6464

Do Not Sell or Share My Data

More Info
Patagonia Action Works™
Worn Wear®
Our Acknowledgment
Progress Report
Business Unusual
Climate Goals
1% For The Planet®
How We Fund
Events
Gift Cards
Find a Store
Sitemap
Patagonia Pro Program
International Orders
Dealer Portal
Group Sales
Privacy Notice
Statement on Modern Slavery in Supply Chain
Climate Risk Report
Terms of Use
Careers
Press
UPF Recall
Infant Product Recall
© 2026 Patagonia, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

English

 