Skip to main content
USA
Our Brands
Brands
Innovation
Product Safety
Ingredients
Fragrance Ingredients
#BECRUELTYFREE
Our Impact
Community Impact
Equality & Inclusion
Sustainability
Ethics & Responsibility
Our Story
Who We Are
P&G History
2025 Annual Report
2024 Citizenship Report
News
Blog
Newsroom
Rewards & Offers
Search here
Policies & Practices
Purpose, Values & Principles

Taken together, our Purpose, Values and Principles are the foundation for P&G’s unique culture. Throughout our history of more than 180 years, our business has grown and changed while these elements have endured—and will continue to be passed down to generations of P&G people to come.

Our Purpose unifies us in a common cause to improve more consumers’ lives in small but meaningful ways each day. It inspires P&G people to make a positive contribution every day. Our Values reflect the behaviors that shape the tone of how we work with each other and with our partners. And Our Principles articulate our unique approach to conducting work every day.

OUR PURPOSE

We will provide branded products and services of superior quality and value that improve the lives of the world’s consumers, now and for generations to come. As a result, consumers will reward us with leadership sales, profit and value creation, allowing our people, our shareholders and the communities in which we live and work to prosper.

OUR VALUES

Integrity
We always try to do the right thing.
We are honest and straightforward with each other.
We operate within the letter and spirit of the law.
We uphold the values and principles of P&G in every action and decision.
We are data-based and intellectually honest in advocating proposals, including recognizing risks

Leadership
We are all leaders in our area of responsibility, with a deep commitment to delivering leadership results.
We have a clear vision of where we are going.
We focus our resources to achieve leadership objectives and strategies.
We develop the capability to deliver our strategies and eliminate organizational barriers.

Ownership
We accept personal accountability to meet our business needs, improve our systems and help others improve their effectiveness.
We all act like owners, treating the Company’s assets as our own and behaving with the Company’s long-term success in mind.

Passion for Winning
We are determined to be the best at doing what matters most.
We have a healthy dissatisfaction with the status quo.
We have a compelling desire to improve and to win in the marketplace.

Trust
We respect our P&G colleagues, customers and consumers, and treat them as we want to be treated.
We have confidence in each other’s capabilities and intentions.
We believe that people work best when there is a foundation of trust.

OUR PRINCIPLES

We Show Respect for All Individuals
We believe that all individuals can and want to contribute to their fullest potential.
We value differences.
We inspire and enable people to achieve high expectations, standards and challenging goals.
We are honest with people about their performance.

The Interests of the Company and the Individual Are Inseparable
We believe that doing what is right for the business with integrity will lead to mutual success for both the Company and the individual.
Our quest for mutual success ties us together.
We encourage stock ownership and ownership behavior.

We Are Strategically Focused in Our Work
We operate against clearly articulated and aligned objectives and strategies.
We only do work and only ask for work that adds value to the business.
We simplify, standardize and streamline our current work whenever possible.

Innovation is the Cornerstone of Our Success
We place great value on big, new consumer innovations.
We challenge convention and reinvent the way we do business to better win in the marketplace.

We Value Mastery
We believe it is the responsibility of all individuals to continually develop themselves and others.
We encourage and expect outstanding technical mastery and executional excellence.

We Seek to Be the Best
We strive to be the best in all areas of strategic importance to the Company.
We benchmark our performance rigorously versus the very best internally and externally.
We learn from both our successes and our failures.

We Are Externally Focused
We develop superior understanding of consumers and their needs.
We create and deliver products, packaging, and concepts that build winning brand equities.
We develop close, mutually productive relationships with our customers and our suppliers.
We are good corporate citizens.
We incorporate sustainability into our products, packaging and operations.

Mutual Interdependency is a Way of Life
We work together with confidence and trust across business units, functions, categories and geographies.
We take pride in results from reapplying others’ ideas.
We build superior relationships with all the parties who contribute to fulfilling our Corporate Purpose, including our customers and suppliers, universities and governments.

California Transparency Act
Conflict-Free Minerals Policy Statement
Employee Policies
Environmental Policies & Practices
Fair Pay
Human Rights Policy Statement
Non-Discrimination
Product Safety & Compliance
Purpose, Values & Principles
Social Media
Speaking Up

Responsible Sourcing Expectations
for External Business Partners

Approach to Tax
Worldwide Business Conduct Manual
Back to top
Contact
Careers
PARTNERS & INVESTORS
Investors
Partner with Us
Suppliers
OUR COMPANY
Leadership
Structure & Governance
Policies & Practices
Archive
Awards & Recognition
HELP
Sitemap
LEGAL
Privacy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Your Privacy Choices
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information /
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising

NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.

USA

© 2026 Procter & Gamble

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn