Skip to main content
USA
Our Brands
Brands
Innovation
Product Safety
Ingredients
Fragrance Ingredients
#BECRUELTYFREE
Our Impact
Community Impact
Equality & Inclusion
Sustainability
Ethics & Responsibility
Our Story
Who We Are
P&G History
2025 Annual Report
2024 Citizenship Report
News
Blog
Newsroom
Rewards & Offers
Search here
Our Purpose, Values and Principles
Respecting Human Rights
Responsible Sourcing
Our Workplace
Stakeholder Engagement
Our Purpose,
Values and
Principles.

At P&G, we serve consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality and leadership brands and have operations in nearly 70 countries. As we serve the world's consumers with daily use products, we believe in, and have publicly committed to, doing what's right and being a good corporate citizen.

Our Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs) are the foundation of who we are. Our Purpose is to provide branded products and services of superior quality and value that improve the lives of the world’s consumers, now and for generations to come. As a result, consumers will reward us with leadership sales, profit and value creation, allowing our people, our shareholders and the communities in which we live and work to prosper. Our Values of Integrity, Leadership, Ownership, Passion for Winning and Trust shape how we work with each other and with our partners. And our Principles articulate our deliberate approach to conducting work every day. Our philosophy is that a reputation of trust and integrity is built over time, is earned every day and provides lasting value for our stakeholders.

Good Governance

Our PVPs further inform our approach to corporate governance. We believe that strong governance practices contribute to better results for shareholders. We maintain strong governance principles, policies and practices that support Board and management accountability and serve the best interests of our Company and our shareholders.

Board Leadership and Oversight

Strong leadership and effective oversight have remained of critical importance as companies navigate ongoing uncertainty and volatility, and greater external scrutiny. Our commitment to and guiding principles for strong governance continue to provide an important foundation for our Company as we navigate these challenges and respond to new opportunities.

The key principles and practices we follow include:

Fully independent Board Committees;
Annual assessment and determination of the Board’s leadership structure;
Election of a Lead Director, with significant governance responsibilities if the Chairman/CEO roles are combined;
Ongoing review of the Company’s key risk areas, including annual review of the Company’s key legal and compliance risks, including mitigation strategies and compliance priorities, and review of the conclusions and recommendations generated by the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process;
Significant Director interaction with senior business leaders, both in business and operations reviews and in oversight of succession planning; and
Board review of and engagement in key aspects of ESG, including our Environmental Sustainability strategy and progress, our Equality & Inclusion strategy and efforts to create a culture of inclusion, and work to make a positive Community Impact through providing disaster relief and other critical humanitarian support.

We describe these and other practices in the Governance section of our ESG Portal in our Corporate Governance Guidelines in each Committee’s charter, and in our annual proxy statement.

Keeping Privacy & Security Strong

Protecting important business and personal information is critical to building and maintaining a relationship of trust with all of our stakeholders. With that in mind, P&G has developed global and regional corporate compliance processes to help ensure that privacy and security are driven through the organization in a sustainable manner, including with relevant suppliers. We know that our stakeholders expect P&G to design appropriate measures to transparently process personal data and strong information security controls to help safeguard critical business and personal information. For more information on how we keep privacy and security strong, visit our Privacy Policy.

Back to top
Contact
Careers
PARTNERS & INVESTORS
Investors
Partner with Us
Suppliers
OUR COMPANY
Leadership
Structure & Governance
Policies & Practices
Archive
Awards & Recognition
HELP
Sitemap
LEGAL
Privacy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Your Privacy Choices
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information /
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising

NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.

USA

© 2026 Procter & Gamble

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn